>> Marcy Sutton: So I talked about ARIA a
little bit, and it is a specification for
supplying accessibility information in
your websites and Web applications.
It's something that I didn't
really get into right away, so
this is definitely an advanced
part of accessibility.
But you'll see it come up often enough
that it's worth diving in a little bit.
So there's three major components in ARIA,
the role, state, and
property, the role is what is the thing.
We saw a div go from a div,
which is just a generic container,
to a button, so
that's what type of an element is it?
The state is what's happening to it,
is it disabled, is it selected?
So there's ARIA attributes,
like aria-disabled, aria-selected.
And the property's kind
of a catch-all bucket for
other things,
like aria-label is a good example.
And that's just describing what's
the nature of it, what's its name?
And I also have to say that the first
rule of ARIA is don't use ARIA.
And that's why I say it's a bit
more of an advanced topic,
cuz it shouldn't be the first
thing that you reach for.
If you can use a button element or
a native form control,
you get a lot of behavior for
free that you don't have to recreate.
But for cases,
really custom Web applications,
that maybe you're inventing new
patterns and there isn't a default HTML
component for you to use, that's where
ARIA can become a really useful tool.